chore!: Remove `versionInPackageJson` and `licenseInPackageJson` (#3312)
SAP/cloud-sdk-js: V3-Upgrade-Guide.md

The generic types of `JwtKeyMapping` is simplified so the second type argument `JwtKeysT` are always strings.

#### Package `@sap-cloud-sdk/generator`

> The deprecated generator options `versionInPackageJson` and `licenseInPackageJson` are removed.
> In a generated `package.json` the version `1.0.0` and license `Apache-2.0` are used. 
> Use the `include` option to add a `package.json` with custom values.

Reviewer: [req] Same as above, I think we should definitely mention `packageJson`.

```suggestion
The options `versionInPackageJson` and `licenseInPackageJson`, that allowed setting custom values in generated `package.json` files are removed.
When the `packageJson` option is enabled, a `package.json` file with version `1.0.0` and license `Apache-2.0` is created. 
If you want to set custom values, use the `include` option to add a custom `package.json`.
```
